README.md, before:

# Applications Development Using Flutter

## Table Of Contents
- [References]()
    - [Flutter - Official Documentation](https://flutter.dev/)
    - [Visual Studio Code](https://docs.flutter.dev/development/tools/vs-code)

# Overview Of Flutter
__Flutter__ is an open-source UI development toolbox. It was released by __Google__ in 2017 to develop interactive cross-platform mobile apps with a single codebase. 

# Flutter vs React Native
Aspect | Flutter | React Native
---------|---------|----------
Programming Language | Dart | Framework is written on JavaScript.
Testing Support | has three main categories of testing to measure the performance of your application. | With React Native, you can test using the E2E method on Android and iOS platforms.
Performance | helps you create lightning-fast animations and widgets. | has a hot reload feature that shows changes to your code in real-time.
Development Time | as its widget catalog to help developers create interactive interfaces. | uses JavaScript bridging to communicate with user interfaces.

# Flutter Databases

Commit message:

added a reference link as to why you should build apps using Flutter

README.md, after:

# Applications Development Using Flutter

## Table Of Contents
- [References]()
    - [Flutter - Official Documentation](https://flutter.dev/)
    - [Visual Studio Code](https://docs.flutter.dev/development/tools/vs-code)
    - [Why You Should Use Flutter for Your Projects](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/why-you-should-use-flutter/)

# Overview Of Flutter
__Flutter__ is an open-source UI development toolbox. It was released by __Google__ in 2017 to develop interactive cross-platform mobile apps with a single codebase. 

# Flutter vs React Native
Aspect | Flutter | React Native
---------|---------|----------
Programming Language | Dart | Framework is written on JavaScript.
Testing Support | has three main categories of testing to measure the performance of your application. | With React Native, you can test using the E2E method on Android and iOS platforms.
Performance | helps you create lightning-fast animations and widgets. | has a hot reload feature that shows changes to your code in real-time.
Development Time | as its widget catalog to help developers create interactive interfaces. | uses JavaScript bridging to communicate with user interfaces.

# Flutter Databases
